Please see the LICENSE file for details on copying and usage.
Please refer to the INSTALL file for instructions on how to build.

What is busybox:
  Stablebox is a fork of the Busybox (http://busybox.net) project after the
  1.2.2.1 release.  It is intended to reduce feature creap and flux, and
  be more stable and suited for embedded developers.

  Stablebox combines tiny versions of many common UNIX utilities into a single
  small executable.  It provides minimalist replacements for most of the
  utilities you usually find in bzip2, coreutils, dhcp, diffutils, e2fsprogs,
  file, findutils, gawk, grep, inetutils, less, modutils, net-tools, procps,
  sed, shadow, sysklogd, sysvinit, tar, util-linux, and vim.  The utilities
  in Stablebox often have fewer options than their full-featured cousins;
  however, the options that are included provide the expected functionality
  and behave very much like their larger counterparts.

  Stablebox has been written with size-optimization and limited resources in
  mind, both to produce small binaries and to reduce run-time memory usage.
  Stablebox is also extremely modular so you can easily include or exclude
  commands (or features) at compile time.  This makes it easy to customize
  embedded systems; to create a working system, just add /dev, /etc, and a
  Linux kernel.

----------------

Using stablebox:

  Stablebox is extremely configurable.  This allows you to include only the
  components and options you need, thereby reducing binary size.  Run 'make
  config' or 'make menuconfig' to select the functionality that you wish to
  enable.  (See 'make help' for more commands.)

  The behavior of stablebox is determined by the name it's called under: as
  "cp" it behaves like cp, as "sed" it behaves like sed, and so on.  Called
  as "stablebox" it takes the second argument as the name of the applet to
  run (I.E. "./stablebox ls -l /proc").

  The build automatically generates a file "stablebox.links", which is used by
  'make install' to create symlinks to the Stablebox binary for all compiled in
  commands.  This uses the PREFIX environment variable to specify where to
  install, and installs hardlinks or symlinks depending on the configuration
  preferences.  (You can also manually run the install script at
  "applets/install.sh").

----------------

Downloading the current source code:

  Source for the latest released version, as well as daily snapshots, can always
  be downloaded from

    http://busybox.net/downloads/

  You can browse the up to the minute source code and change history online.

    http://stablebox.googlecode.com/svn/

  Anonymous SVN access is available.  For instructions, check out:

    http://code.google.com/p/stablebox/source
